The Ultimate HTML Developer Course is about easily teaching you proper HTML. HTML is the structure behind every web page and you cannot create a website without using HTML, including mobile websites and cross-platform compatible HTML5 apps.

909ada17

There's a new version of this course! Ultra high def, better examples, more videos and more hands on tasks!



In this course you will learn everything you need to know about HTML and HTML5. Even if you know HTML, this course will teach you the ins and outs of HTML and challenge what you think you know.

This course specializes in HTML only. You will become a professional in just a few hours!

This course is very compact.

Other development courses are bloated with empty space, watching the teacher code in silence and other time-wasting events. The Ultimate HTML Developer Course has removed all time-wasting sections of a video and is designed to teach you the most HTML in the shortest time while getting hands on practice.

The total course is just three hours, split into videos that are no longer than 10 minutes each. By the end of this course you will know as much HTML as a college student and you'll be 100% ready to move on to the next step as a professional: CSS and JavaScript.

Why take this course?

If you have an idea, want to start a company or just want to make websites for fun, this course is for you. The Ultimate HTML Developer Course gives you all the HTML skills you will need to succeed as a web developer.

Looking for your next step? 

When you're ready for something a little more fun, join the Create an 8-bit website class to start creating a 90's video game style website. You'll be applying your HTML skills and gently nudging into CSS (which is the next step in your learning journey!)



Ready to make beautiful websites?

Once you're confident in your HTML skills, jump on over to the next step in your coding journey: learning CSS. 

This with course you'll learn everything you need to know about making websites absolutely gorgeous and interactive! 