This course is for someone who needs basic training in Linux, someone who is already in IT and wants to add a new skill.  It is specifically designed for those who have been really busy with their work and don't have enough time.  Now you don't have to stay awake at night or sneak out of your lunch break.  You will learn so many Linux commands in just 2 days.  Sounds unreal?  Well take a look at my syllabus and you see what I will be covering and then ask yourself if it is worth spending a couple of hours for only 2 days:

Saturday – Basic Linux 

Understanding of Linux?
What is Oracle Virtual Box?   
Oracle Virtual Box Installation   
Creating virtual machine   
Linux Distributions   
Linux Installation   
Download and install Putty   
Connect Linux VM via Putty   
Changing Password   
Introduction to File System   
File system structure description   
File system navigation commands   
Directory listing overview   
Creating Files and Directories   
File Permissions (chmod)   
File Ownership (chown, chgrp)   
Getting Help (man, whatis etc.)   
Adding text to file   
Pipes ( | )   
Quiz, Homework and Handouts  
Sunday – Advance Linux 

File Maintenance Commands
File Display Commands
Filters / Text Processing Commands (cut, sort, grep, awk, uniq, wc)
Finding System Information (uname, cat /etc/redhat-release, cat /etc/*rel*, dmidecode)
Linux File Editors (vi text editor)
User account management
Switch users and Sudo access
System utility commands (date, uptime, hostname, which, cal, bc etc.)
Processes and schedules (systemctl, ps, top, kill, crontab and at)
OS Maintenance Commands (shutdown, reboot, halt, init etc.)
System Monitoring Commands (top, df, dmesg, iostat 1, netstat, free etc.)   
Shell scripting   
Basic Shell scripts   
Aliases   
Command history   
Enabling Internet in Linux VM   
Network Files and Commands (ping, ifconfig, netstat, tcpdump, networking config files)   
System Updates and Repositories (rpm and yum)   
System Run Levels   
Quiz, Homework and Handouts