Hi there, my name is Daniel Scott and together we’re going to learn how to build professional responsive web sites. which look good on mobiles, tablets and desktop screens. 

Click here to download the Completed Files

Click here to download the Exercise Files

We will build 4 sites together:

a simple but elegant restaurant website.
a bike repair website. 
a responsive portfolio website.
a Bootstrap website.  
We cover everything you need to build your first website. From creating your first page through to uploading your website to the internet. We’ll use the world’s most popular (and free) web design tool called Visual Studio Code.

There are exercise files you can download and then work along with me. At the end of each video I have a downloadable version of where we are in the process so that you can compare your project with mine. This will enable you to see easily where you might have a problem.

We will delve into all the good stuff such as how to create your very own mobile burger menu from scratch learning some basic JavaScript and jQuery. 

You will:

Learn how to work with responsive images and icons. and stunning full screen background images and probably one too many gradients. 
Learn how to create forms and to choose great fonts for your website. 
Learn how to work with Bootstrap 4 to easily add carousels, cards and complex looking menus. 
Setup a domain name with hosting so that your website is live on the internet for others to see.  
There are fun class projects for you to work on which will enable you to practice what you learn. By the end of this course you’ll have a great understanding of important web design topics like HTML5, CSS3, Flex box, Responsive design and Bootstrap.   

If that all sounds a little too fancy - don’t worry, this course is aimed at people new to web design and who have never coded before. We’ll start right at the beginning and work our way through step by step. 

Who am I? 

I’m Dan, and I’ve been building websites for about 15 years now. I am award winning instructor, and have won a MAX Master award for the last 2 years in a row at the prestigious Adobe Max conference.

Time to upgrade yourself?

Sign up for the course and let’s learn how to build responsive websites.