You love design but you hate coding. You give your web designs to someone else & miss out on vital income.

Hi - my name is Dan and I’ll be showing you how to code your first ever website using the new Dreamweaver 2017.

Why should you learn to code? Because relying on others to bring your designs to life is frustrating when they don’t seem to appreciate the hours you spent aligning the image boxes or kerning your headings. It’s also a huge chuck of the invoice that you’re leaving on the table if you’re out sourcing or turning away web design work.

86bd9252

Whether you’re building a website for yourself, or you want to generate more income for your business I promise this is the place to be. We’ll build a portfolio website that you can adjust and use for yourself. Like the mechanic with the rusty car - designers often have half finished or no portfolio website at all. Lets build yours together and along the way find out that coding isn’t as scary as some people (you included) make out.

Let’s learn more to earn more as a designer.

Download your exercise files here.

Download your completed files here.

What are the requirements?

You'll need a copy of Dreamweaver CC 2017 or above. A free 30 day trial can be download from Adobe here.
No previous Dreamweaver or web design experience is necessary.
What am I going to get from this course?

You'll learn to build a portfolio website.
Download exercise files & cheat sheet.
Create mobile, tablet & desktop versions of the website.   
Build a responsive navigation with burger menu.
How to get the most from your portfolio Images.
How to use beautiful web fonts in your designs.
How to publish your website.
How much to charge for your work.
How to get paid.
Getting up & running your first web job.
Forum support from me. 
All the techniques used by professional website designers.
Ways to preview your designs straight to your mobile device.
Professional workflows and shortcuts. 
A wealth of other resources and websites to help your new career path.
What is the target audience?

YES: This course is for beginners. Aimed at people new to the world of web design. No previous Dreamweaver experience is necessary. 
NO: This course is NOT suited to people experienced in using HTML & CSS.