The perfect course for complete beginners. Friendly - No experience required. Go from scratch to coding a real app!

Become a Coder, have fun, and learn one of the most employer requested skills of 2018!

Have you ever wondered if you could code? Well.. you can!  In fact, enrol now and you could have written your first lines of Python code before you next check your Facebook!

Coding for Beginners is the most beginner friendly eLearning course for complete beginners on Skillshare! It doesn't matter if you've never even seen a line of computer code before - if you're interested, or just wondering if you could learn to code, then this is the course for you!

" - Take this course before taking any others!"

This course is perfect for students who are thinking about learning a specific coding language, but don't want to get dropped in at the deep end. Coding for Beginners has been specifically designed as a generic, foundation level course, to introduce you to many of the common coding concepts that you'll go on to use in whichever programming language you choose to learn next - giving you a real head start before you start mastering a dedicated language, and it's syntax.

With over 30 lectures and more than 7 hours of video, this comprehensive course will teach you the very basics of computer coding, also called programming, from the ground up. Starting with foundation level theory, and moving into pseudo coding, and practical exercises - Coding for Beginners includes video lectures, screencasts, tests, assignments, and a beginner level project - building a simple app in both Scratch and Python.

Get ready to learn:

Coding is something we already do everyday!
Coding in programming languages is something you CAN achieve
If you can read and write, you can code!
We'll answer questions like:

What is code, and why do we need it?
Why are there so many coding languages?
What's the difference between coding and programming?
What's the difference between front end and back end coding?
Is coding a science or an art?
And we'll introduce you to common coding concepts like:

How code runs
Bugs
Pseudo code
Decomposing
Commenting
Common data types
Arithmetic & operators
Loops
Control flow
Storing data
Lists
Functions
Get ready to code your first app!

Plan the app in pseudo code
Code a proof of concept in Scratch!
Code a Minimum Viable Product in Python
We'll help you get setup in both Scratch and Python for the first time, and help you every step of the way. By the end of the course you'll be confident enough to keep coding in Scratch and Python on your own
As you transition from Scratch into Python, we'll help you to see that moving from a highly visual coding language (perfect to get started), into a much more powerful text based language (used by companies like LinkedIn and Google), isn't scary at all! In fact, we think you'll love it :)
Coding for Beginners has been created by Applause Interactive in the UK, and we believe in quality learning. Rest assured, this course comes with a 30 day money back guarantee! If you are not satisfied in any way, you'll get your money back.

So what are you waiting for?

Let's unleash your creative potential, have some fun, and build some valuable digital skills for work and life! See you inside...