In 3 days you will be able to perform Linux installation, configuration, administration, scripting and much more...

This course is designed for those students who do not have enough time to learn Linux.  They want to be able to do Linux installation and manage the Linux server by running commands in 3 days.  Spend a few hours with me everyday for the next 3 days and I will make sure you will learn the following:

Day 1 – Installation, Configuration, File System and Basic Commands

Understanding of Linux?
What is Oracle Virtual Box?
Downloading and Installing Oracle Virtual Box
Creating virtual machine
Linux Distributions
Downloading and Installing Linux (CentOS)
Download and install Putty
Connect Linux VM via Putty
Changing Password
Introduction to File System
File system structure description
File system navigation commands
Directory listing overview
Creating Files and Directories
File system paths
Finding Files and Directories (find, locate)
Wildcard (*, $, ^)
Quiz and Handouts
 

Day 2 – Linux System Administration

File Permissions (chmod)
File Ownership (chown, chgrp)
Getting Help (man, whatis etc.)
Adding text to file
Pipes ( | )
File Maintenance Commands
File Display Commands
Filters / Text Processing Commands (cut, sort, grep, awk, uniq, wc)
Compare Files (diff, cmp)
Compress and un-compress files/directories (tar, gzip, gunzip)
Linux File Editors (vi text editor)
User account management (useradd, groupadd, usermod, userdel, groupdel)
Switch users and Sudo access
Monitor users (who, id, last)
System utility commands (date, uptime, hostname, which, cal, bc etc.)
Quiz and Handouts
 

Day 3 – Advance Linux System Administration

Processes and schedules (systemctl, ps, top, kill, crontab and at)
System Monitoring Commands (top, df, dmesg, iostat 1, netstat, free etc.)
OS Maintenance Commands (shutdown, reboot, halt, init etc.)
Changing System Hostname (hostnamectl)
Finding System Information (uname, cat /etc/redhat-release, cat /etc/*rel*, dmidecode)
Terminal control keys
Linux Kernel
What is Shell?
Shell scripting
Basic Shell scripts
Aliases
Command history
Enabling Internet in Linux VM
Network Files and Commands (ping, ifconfig, netstat, tcpdump, networking config files)
Network Interface (ethtool)
System Updates and Repositories (rpm and yum)
System Upgrade and Path Management
System Run Levels
File transfer (ftp, scp, rsync etc.)
Message of the Day
Disk Partition (df, fdisk, etc.)
Quiz and Handouts