Node.js + Express.js

This is the tutorial you've been looking for to become a web developer in 2020. It doesn’t just cover a small portion of the industry. In this multipart video series we will covers everything you need to know to get hired: from absolute zero knowledge to being able to put things on your resume that will allow you to live the life you want. 

Sounds too good to be true? Give me 5 minutes of your time to explain to you why I built this course and what is different here than thousands of other courses all over the internet.

There is no wasted time here. We won’t be using outdated technologies like PHP, Wordpress and JQuery. Although still useful, outdated technologies like the above are low paying and demands for them are decreasing. In this course, you will learn the specific technologies that are the most in demand in the industry right now. These include tools and technologies used by the biggest tech companies like Google, Facebook, Instagram, etc… It’s geared specifically for people that want to learn employable skills in 2018.

After finishing this course, you will be able to apply for developer roles, or upgrade your job title as a developer and earn a higher salary. We won't be taking any shortcuts in this course. I am going to take your from absolute zero, where I teach you how the internet works, to mastery, where I show you how to build an image recognition app using a Machine Learning API (a subset of Artificial Intelligence).

This course is taught by an instructor who has worked in silicon valley, and one of the top tech companies in Toronto. I have built large scale applications, and have managed a team of developers. I have worked directly with these technologies. I am not an online marketer or a salesman. I am a senior software developer who loves programming and believes that there needs to be a course out there that actually teaches valuable skills.

I know your time is valuable. You want a course that outlines the best way to learn the topic in simple, well explained methods so that you fully understand topics instead of watching somebody on your screen and having no clue what is going on. I have created this course after consuming hundreds of books, tutorials, and online courses while I was learning. I have taken the best pieces, the best methods, that I have found, and condensed everything so that you can learn in the most efficient way possible. 50 hours of videos doesn't mean much if the instructor isn't engaging or focuses on outdated topics. 

We have a thriving online chat community so you really feel like you are part of a classroom and not just watching videos by yourself. You will have a chance to communicate with fellow students, work on group projects together, and contribute to open source. Anytime you have a question you can ask in the chat and someone will surely be able to help you right away. 
The course is designed to give you employable skills so you can get a job. Here is what one student recently wrote after taking the course and being hired right away: 
"I’m a self taught dev, who has been out of work for ~6 months. I had some family things that came up that prevented me from seeking permanent employment, so for awhile I was Postmates/Uber delivery driver.
After taking this course, I immediately got catapulted back to where I was before, but better equipped and with the knowledge to take on the next job. I had just finished the React section when I went to a recent interview, and it really helped me excel. As of today, I am officially re-employed back in the field, and it is all thanks to this course. I had a blast creating the final project, and FINALLY got around to learning SQL statements, and getting to use them in a project. I’m really ecstatic that Andrei went with teaching relational databases over something like MongoDB, which can also be fun, but is less practical for use on the job. So thanks Andrei , I really enjoyed the course and will be making sure to share it with others who find it helpful. I’m also looking forward to the new ES7/8 content that was recently added, and going through the DB stuff again when I go to build a personal project."
In this course, you will be taken through online videos and exercises where you will be able to do the following things by the end:

Build real complex applications and websites
Build an image recognition app together at the end of the course so you can add it to your portfolio
Go into a job interview confident that you understand the fundamental building blocks of web development and the developer space in 2018
Be able to go off on your own and grow your skills as a developer having built a solid foundation
Learn how front-end, servers, and databases communicate and how they all fit together in the eco system
Build your own startup landing page. 
Go off and remotely work by being a freelance developer and bid on projects.
Know EXACLTY what a day in the life of a developer is like and what the day to day technologies and tools will be that you are using. 
By the end of this course you will be comfortable using the below skills and you will be able to put them on your resume:

HTML5
CSS
Bootstrap 4
Javascript (ES6/ES7/ES8)
React + Redux
Git + Github
Node.js
Express.js
NPM
PostgresSQL
SQL
This course is the accumulation of all of my years working, learning, and teaching coding and all of the frustrations and incomplete information I have encountered along the way. There is so much information out there, so many opinions, and so many ways of doing things, that unless you have spent the last years working with these technologies in a company, you will never fully understand. So this course is the answer to that exact problem. I have gone through thousands of coding books and online tutorials and bootcamps. I have worked with these tools on real applications. Throughout the years I have taken notes on what has worked, and what hasn't and I've created this course to narrow down the best way to learn and the most relevant information. 

I will succeed if you succeed in this course. Therefore, I will be there every step of the way helping you understand concepts and answer any questions you have.

I am 100% confident that you won't find a course like this out there that is as well organized, and as useful, to build a strong foundation for you to start a new career. We're not going to be building simple todo applications and cat image sliders. We are going to learn actual practical skills that will put you into the workforce. Some unique sections that you won't find anywhere else are:

React.js + Redux: you will learn the library that companies like Netflix, Facebook and Instagram use to build fast, scalable applications. This is one of the highest in-demand skill in the industry.
A day in the life of a developer: What will your day to day look like and what tools will you use? I will take you through a sample day at a tech company.
How does the internet actually work. What is the history of these technologies: I will actually have you understand the underlying concepts of the internet, and how the technologies we have now, have come to be where they are.
How do you actually deploy a real life app so that it is secure, and won't get hacked: How does a real life app get out to the public?
What is Machine learning and how you can harness it's power: Whether you have heard about it or not, this is something that you will hear more and more in the coming years. Those who understand the high level concepts and can harness it will have an advantage. 
What is your developer environment on your computer look like: We will be setting up our computers with all the tools necessary of a developer so you can use the same setup when you go into the workforce.
Why do we teach the above? Because in this day and age, just knowing HTML CSS and Javascript is not good enough and you won't be able to grow in your role and command a higher salary. I am teaching you these things because these are the things you should know in 2018 so that you are miles ahead of the rest. 

Make this the year that you took a risk, you learned highly in demand skills, you had new experiences, and you received new opportunities. I hope you join me in this journey. 

This is the proudest work I have ever done in my life and I am confident that you won't find a course better than this. 

See you inside!

Taught by: 

Andrei is the instructor of the highest rated Web Development course on many platforms. His graduates have moved on to work for some of the biggest tech companies around the world like Apple. He has been working as a senior software developer in Silicon Valley and Toronto for many years, and is now taking all that he has learned, to teach programming skills and to help you discover the amazing career opportunities that being a developer allows in life. 

Having been a self taught programmer, he understands that there is an overwhelming number of online courses, tutorials and books that are overly verbose and inadequate at teaching proper skills. Most people feel paralyzed and don't know where to start when learning a complex subject matter, or even worse, most people don't have $20,000 to spend on a coding bootcamp. Programming skills should be affordable and open to all. An education material should teach real life skills that are current and they should not waste a student's valuable time.  Having learned important lessons from working for Fortune 500 companies, tech startups, to even founding his own business, he is now dedicating 100% of his time to teaching others valuable software development skills in order to take control of their life and work in an exciting industry with infinite possibilities. 

Andrei promises you that there are no other courses out there as comprehensive and as well explained. He believes that in order to learn anything of value, you need to start with the foundation and develop the roots of the tree. Only from there will you be able to learn concepts and specific skills(leaves) that connect to the foundation. Learning becomes exponential when structured in this way. 

Taking his experience in educational psychology and coding, Andrei's courses will take you on an understanding of complex subjects that you never thought would be possible.  

See you inside the course! 